hey guys it's TK with TK tech news and
yep it's about that time we're gonna
unbox the gold LG g3 alright guys this
is take to actually I actually lost the
last part the actual first unboxing that
we did with this thanks to video
artifacts that had a bunch of like blew
the on the screen so we had to get
rid of that i'm not going to publish
that sorry guys my dogs are running um
so let's go ahead and get this thing out
of the box again I've already put the
battery in it and booted the vice up
unfortunately let's go ahead and just
show you guys the full device and i can
give you guys my example or my thoughts
on the device taking it out there so in
the box charger USB cable same standard
and we have a booklet of paperwork
on how to use the phone that I'll never
read and that's pretty much it we have
the boxes nice presentation you know
it's got a nice material like how they
did that it looks premium just like this
phone looks premium even though this
looks like metal it is plastic but it is
gold it is hot and it does look good
we've already gone ahead and got this
thing activated and set up as we would
have showed you in the last video and
one of the big things I want to talk
about with this with the LG g3 is the
display so we were under embargo of I
don't say under just under embargo but
we were under court order I couldn't
even talk about even though we got the
international variant of the g3 I wasn't
even allowed to talk about it because we
were brought in the court until the US
edition was released because we started
to leak the device and we got slapped
for it so it is what it is it's part of
that business it's part of that uh you
know it's part of that that leaking
business so to speak so it is what it is
it happened and we had to honor what the
court said so we did that so when that
will be comparing that international
variant now that it's been released here
in the US to like the sprint variant
which we have here which will activate
with that official use sim that we got
from Sprint will probably use it for
like a week and give you guys are
full review and tomorrow I'll probably
post a what I think about the device let
me see if they've activated I've Cole i
just got done calling them after i lost
the first video to see if we could get
that official use sim activated so let
me go ahead and just open the browser
really quick just to see if it's been
activated google blue yes sir alright so
we have data so that means they must
activate it it must did it so update
profile and stuff when I had it back in
its box so one of the big things I got
to tell you about this to phone 33,000
milliamp hour battery 2k display that
means it's about what is it four times
more than regular HD it's hot I like it
it looks good it's a you know IR blaster
up here on the top I'll go over
everything on the phone you got your
volume rocker and power button laser
focus here the actual a 13 megapixel
optical image stabilization camera dual
LED different color flash to get that
right color that one i'm probably i said
i'll just say amp but it's not an amp 1
watt speaker in the back which i'll give
you guys my full opinion on that here
shortly a headphone jack in micro USB
port so with that said guys just quick
unboxing of the LG g3 this is the sprint
variant it is the gold version so if you
really want that gold version in the US
you're going to have to get it from
sprint i'm sure coming down the pipe
somebody will unlock it just like it was
unlocked the LG g2 for sprint was
unlocked which is now able to use be
used on AT&T and t-mobile as well it's a
hot phone like I said the biggest thing
I can tell you that I noticed with this
device already as I noticed with the
international variant is the display
that display is hot it's is awesome
there's nothing else like I say about
its the biggest feature on this phone
not the camera not anything else but
stay tuned guys I'm going to shoot some
short camera examples you'll be getting
those today I'm actually going to
compare it with the oneplus so you can
see that too and let me know what you
guys think what do you want to see us do
with the LG g3 or what should I cover or
questions you may have in the
comment section down below until next
time guys it's been TK with TK tech news
in an unboxing of the LG g3 for Sprint